Feature: Support Array of Commands in hooks (#638)
typicode/husky: README.md

### Multiple commands

To run multiple commands in series you can specify an array of commands.

```json
"pre-commit": [
  "cmd",
  "cmd"
]
```

Or if you use a string instead, just like `scripts` defined in `package.json`, husky will run hook scripts as a single command. 

```json

> "pre-commit": "cmd1 && cmd2"

Reviewer: Now one of the example will execute "cmd1 && cmd2" and the other "cmd && cmd" which is not consistent :confused: Would you mind updating this as below (or the other snippet to use "cmd1" and "cmd2")?

```suggestion
"pre-commit": "cmd && cmd"
```

```

> ℹ️ _The two examples above will result equivalent behavior._

Reviewer: Apparently I can't write correct English sentences :sweat_smile: My apologies. Could you update this sentence to include the word "in"?

Also, to provide better support for text editors that don't fully support unicode, I suggest using `:information_source: rather than ℹ️

```suggestion
:information_source: _The two examples above will result in equivalent behavior._
```

Author: I don't think Github will be able to parse that 🤔

Reviewer: GitHub is definitely able to parse. However, some other Markdown parsers may not be able to. 

As a demonstration, this next character is written as `:information_source:` (I didn't use GitHub's autocomplete function): :information_source:, you can try it for yourself in a new comment and hit the preview button :wink:

Reviewer 2: Rather than continue to hold up this commit over a trivial change to the README, can we merge this PR now and update the README in a separate commit? 

I will submit a PR for the README myself if need be.

Reviewer: I intentionally marked this review as a "comment" (not "changes requested") as it is just a suggestion. From my point of preview this is not preventing a merge... But I'm not in the position of merging this :upside_down_face: Whether or not the README _should_ be updated is up to the maintainers of the package

By design and just like `scripts` defined in `package.json`, husky will run hook scripts as a single command. 

```jsonc
"pre-commit": "cmd && cmd"

// or

"pre-commit": [
  "cmd",
  "cmd"
]

> ```

Reviewer: Perhaps you can change the structure here slightly to make it clear in text that both options exists. Also, I think it is useful to specify the array option first. E.g.:

---

### Multiple commands

To run multiple commands in series you can specify an array of commands.

```json
"pre-commit": [
  "cmd1",
  "cmd2"
]
```

If you use a string instead, just like `scripts` defined in `package.json`, husky will always run hook scripts as a single command.

```json
"pre-commit": "cmd1 && cmd2"
```

:information_source: _The two examples above will result equivalent behavior._

---

> 

Reviewer: I'm not entirely convinced the rest of this section can be removed. Especially the note on [npm-run-all](https://github.com/mysticatea/npm-run-all) can be useful as that tool allows you [to run commands in parallel](https://github.com/mysticatea/npm-run-all/blob/master/docs/run-p.md) as well :thinking:

Author: added back.
